The files in this directory originated with Joao Cardoso's 2003
download of Pavel Sakov's nn library which was immediately stripped
down by Joao to just the parts he needed to help implement the
plgriddata API for the 'plplot' C library and with calls to the
non-free triangle library <http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~quake/triangle.html>
that appeared in the original nn replaced by equivalent calls to the
free qhull library <http://www.qhull.org/>.  The PLplot development
team have been maintaining that stripped version of the nn library
ever since with no further contribution (except for the new LICENSE
text referred to below) from Pavel Sakov.

As of 2017-07-11 Pavel Sakov gave us permission to update the license
of our stripped version of nn to be the same as the current licence of
his modern nn version (without the trailing note concerning the
triangle library since that is not relevant to our stripped version)
which we cut and pasted on that date from
<https://github.com/sakov/nn-c/blob/master/nn/LICENSE> and stored in
the LICENSE file in this directory.  The only additional changes we
have made to that file are to add additional lines to the copyright
notice at the top reflecting Joao Cardoso's initial commit in 2003 and
the further commits since then (as recorded in our software repository
log) to this stripped version of the nn library by him and other
members of the PLplot development team.
